Feature/back end UI (#13)
plentymarkets/plenty-developers-docs: docs/en-gb/modules/back-end-ui/pages/reference-routes-system-tree.adoc

= Routes in the system tree

> This page lists the available routes that can be accessed by plugins. In case you are searching for a route that is not listed below, take a look at the respective URL. The route will be shown at the very end of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page lists the available routes a plugin can access. In case you are searching for a route that is not listed below, take a look at the respective URL. The route will be shown at the very end of it.
```
Passiv -> Aktiv

Denkst du es wäre hilfreich, für die URL noch ein Beispiel einzufügen?

icon:warning[role="red"] [red]#Required# +
Note that all routes need an introducing 'system'. Older routes beginning with 'settings' will be mapped to match the new format.

> Since the new menu item for the system tree was renamed to 'Setup', the new full system tree path also starts with 'Setup'.

Reviewer: Auch hier die Frage, ob eventuell eine Box besser wäre.
